OSDOCS-11241: migrate from removed stored versions of CR (#78471)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/network_observability/network-observability-operator-release-notes.adoc

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:3868[Network Observability Operator 1.6.0]

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Before upgrading to the latest version of the Network Observability Operator, you need to xref:../../observability/network_observability/installing-operators.adoc#network-observability-updating-migrating_network_observability[Migrate removed stored versions of the FlowCollector CRD]. An automated solution to this workaround is planned with https://issues.redhat.com/browse/NETOBSERV-1747(*NETOBSERV-1747*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before upgrading to the latest version of the Network Observability Operator, you must xref:../../observability/network_observability/installing-operators.adoc#network-observability-updating-migrating_network_observability[Migrate removed stored versions of the FlowCollector CRD]. An automated solution to this workaround is planned with link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/NETOBSERV-1747(*NETOBSERV-1747*).
```
